the next cycle of the agreement and they
told me we're planning on expanding the
use of the E5 license.
We would like to know more about the
features and how we can use it,
how we can take more advantage of the
license using the different features that
it includes.
That's what they told me,
but at the same time they mentioned,
but we don't know what we need or what we
want.
So what they did was to create an Excel
file that I'm attaching into the chat and
Okay.
they just created like a table.
Okay, great.
Mm.
With the different features they put,
we are using this, we are not using this,
Great.
maybe we would like to explore this and
this and this,
Okay.
so the idea would be to check, well,
to help me check in this file,
to try to define.
Their priorities that they don't know.
Actually, they're using only my copilot.
For what I can see that you mostly using,
yeah, I'm seeing it.
Did you get the file?
For what I can see is like,
where is checked, right?
Yeah.
Where is what they are using, right?
Am I correct? Okay, so yeah,
Yes.
they all know, wait,
I'm just seeing the the.
More the end of it. Ohh, great. Wow,
the guys curated at 500.
features playing and said what we are
using, what we are not. Okay,
they go beyond what I was expecting,
but okay.
My idea was initially to create something
like that,
but not this extensive with features that
they can benefit from the 5.
But they already give me a heads up.
Say what they have.
So I will try to make a summary.
You can't hear me, right?
Because I see the air, yeah,
because they play airplane flying by.
Yes, I can. I'm hearing.
Oh, sorry.
Okay, no, the problem I was there.
I just don't know if you can still rehear
me. I will grab this.
I will filter what they are not using,
and mostly for what I can see,
maybe security stuff. Uh, yeah,
I probably would have to dip down on this,
Mm.
and I what I have in my mind is create a
Plan,
and so you are guys actually are not
using this, and you can use this for this.
Okay.
And if you want to take this,
this or this,
you probably will have to expand the,
I don't know,
because I'm not very good at measuring
hours, because, well, example.
If they are not using defender for cloud
for identity, for example,
they may need to implement defender for
identity,
but I don't know exactly how much they
will need, so I will try to not go.
Too deep to say how much time they will
need,
because if they need more time in the
future, they can blame me us. So
Well,
we are planning a renewal for three years,
a three-year contract.
So the idea will be to divide the
Oh.
different, well,
the idea will be to create a proposal.
Well, let me give you more context.
What happens is that they asked me
Okay.
for a call with them so we could review
the file internally.
And the person that I brought to the
meeting at the end didn't provide the
information that we required so they felt
like the meeting was a waste of time.
And they are just waiting now for a
proposal because this is a risky renewal
because of a couple of different items.
One is budget.
And the second one is that they,
after three years,
They feel that they haven't received too
much value.
I got the account four months ago,
so I'm new with them.
Okay.
And so let's say that they are a little
bit frustrated.
And since we had the opportunity to have
the meeting with a specialist, we didn't.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean this, this,
I try to change the tide, right?
Mm.
Yeah,
and now we only have time because
tomorrow we will have another meeting,
but that will be a meeting presenting the
proposal.
So what I did last week was to ask a
pilot about trying to
check the file, determine priorities,
and based on that,
we are creating a proposal.
But at the same time,
I would like to have the second opinion
in this case from you to see if that will
be something good and at the same time
ask if there are specific proactive
services that we can
Deliver within the proposal.
Okay,
so you grab this Excel and already
created a proposal vehicle party, right?
Well, I didn't specify the services.
What we determined,
because I was doing it with the sales
team, was to determine this one moment.
We were focusing,
since it's a three-year contract,
Because.
we were focusing the year one on Teams,
phone, telephony,
the year two on data security,
which is Purview,
OK, OK.
and the year three on cloud security and
AI.
Okay, let me tell you something.
I will put it in the in the chat.
Okay, great,
because we have one problem there. First,
I'm very focusing on security,
but I'll be neutral on my opinion.
We may be want to push form.
place the customer specifically asked for
it to the last year,
because it's currently difficult to find
a specialist to engage in here at the
Avonad.
We are actually don't have anyone with
phone specialization.
We are trying to search in the market,
but we are not founding it. And secondly,
Oh.
yeah,
teams phones is being difficult to find
resources.
But if we can't bring security first.
We can decide back of not adopting
security is always cost if we told them
that we are going to improve security to
improve some.
make them don't have a cost with
vulnerability or possible data link,
something like that.
We can say the current threats in the
market,
how these threats can be financially
impactful to them and with
We go to security first, make a review,
implement something that is not working.
Right now,
we can mitigate these possible financial
impacts. They may be see value on this.
What do you think?
Mm-hmm, makes sense.
Yeah, so there's is a way to say, oh,
okay,
we are going to secure it first to
prevent you lost money.
They will see they will see this on with
good eyes. That wasn't there.
Mm-hmm.
What was your third year?
I thought, yeah,
cloud security in the AI first data
security, then cloud security in the AI.
Yeah, AI is currently on only loop, right?
Everybody is putting AI whenever they can.
So,
and I saw that they had already copilot
chat install, but not wildly use. Maybe,
maybe we can also workshops for
Right.
improve usability of co-pilot.
And with that,
more people will start to use co-pilot
and they will start to see that the
license they are paying that is actually
expensive are being used and bringing
results.
What we are going to do is give workshops,
people will be more productive,
Mm-hmm.
capable of taking initiative and create
stuff.
They will return stuff today and they
will see that this brought was brought
because the workshop that it proved
copility awareness in their users.
You got the idea?
Yeah, I totally got it, got it.
Yeah,
and this phone I think will not have this
impact in front since we are going this
trying to reverse a possible loss of
contacts. What do you think about this?
Maybe
Reverse the change,
put year three in one or two in the year
one and move year one completely to year
three.
Okay, yeah, well,
you're you're the expert.
Yeah, no,
I'm really the expert in implementation,
but who will be defending this will be
you in the renovation, right?
Yeah, also.
And so what?
Yeah, there are,
there is something that comes to my mind.
Okay, go ahead.
Well,
this is something that I created based on
copilot, but well,
I'm not sure if that is correct.
That was for,
that was for the intention of presenting
Don't.
A proposal aligned to the file,
but now that you're telling me a better
Oh.
suggestion,
what comes to my mind would be, well,
first,
in case that it will be possible for you
to join tomorrow's meeting,
that would be great,
because you can explain this, that
But it will be good to secure first the
workloads, the environment,
Okay.
then you're to work on the copilot,
because that way you take advantage of
the licenses that you're paying and
you're not fully using, and then move to.
Yeah.
to Team's phone. So,
but you have the criteria to explain that.
Be.
I don't have it. And this
No, no problem. I can be.
But let me ask you first,
what is your time zone?
I'm in mountain.
Yeah, so what time?
My time is 8:38.
You're eight at morning for me is 11
morning,
so I have an appointment tomorrow that
will end in 4 P.m. for you.
You are in 8th, so nine 1011 you are.
Three hours behind me,
so four hours for me will be the what
time is your meeting today?
I have tomorrow.
It will be my time, 10:30 A.m.
10 P.m. will be from Yeah, O.k.
that will be. Oh, well,
No, AM, 10:30 AM.
I think I will be available.
William be 3 P.m. for me.
Okay, are you are you in Brazil?
So, okay, I can help you in. Yeah, yeah,
I'm Brazil.
No.
Yeah,
I can forward the meeting to you if you
No.
can join.
Yeah, I couldn't possibly join it.
So they are expecting this scoping call
or we can we can treat this meeting as
this Aaron scoping call that you open it.
Now,
the scoping call at the end was for me.
OK, no problem, I'll see ours. So, OK,
good. We are already using it,
Yes.
so I will grab this planning,
this Excel sheet that you give me.
Can you give me your the response of your
compile to prompt?
Oh, yes, the me.
Because with this,
I can't try to see what it was he was
thinking when he gave you this message,
and basically what they have and don't
are not using.
I will take a look and play into this.
And prior to the meeting,
I think it's good to make a recall just
to align the speech. What do you think?
Totally agree.
Okay.
Then, let me, well, I just exported the
House.
The information to work,
let me share it with you.
And the other situation that I needed
help with was, well,
I'm proposing the topics,
but I haven't specified the specific
services, as you mentioned, workshops,
but I don't know which type of workshops.
Assessments or.
Yeah, we are probably making, yeah,
we probably need to make some how we can
say this skill.
We probably need to talk to them to see
what is the level and who is using the
The things, for example,
if we propose a co-pilot workshop,
they will need to point the people that
will be participated,
and we need to make an skill check on
these people to see if we need a workshop
of five days, three days.
Oh, William Bill.
Mm-hmm.
I know you got the idea.
So maybe we need to,
we first need to close the new deal for
the two years. Then when we the hours,
we make a scoping call,
present the idea of the workshop,
they maybe bring the people that
probably will be participating on it.
We do a quickly skill check and see if we
need one day, three days, five days.
And we can make also a big plan for the
three years with for the Customer to see,
oh, first we are going to do this,
then go that.
in parallel or serial.
I don't like parallel because there'll be
too many fronts of work together at the
same time and it can be messy. Okay,
but but if this,
I think we have a pretty good start,
Mm-hmm.
right? Let me take a look at this today.
Jose, do you already send me the invite?
Hey, I'm doing it now.
Okay, Billie, 20 minutes before.
Yeah, for tomorrow's meeting,
the sales team,
let me just show something.
For tomorrow's meeting,
the sales team will be presenting the
proposal.
William Bill.
But if we need to implement the changes
that you're mentioning,
we need to tell the sales guide today. So
He reorganizes the D P P T.
Okay, so let me,
I think I have a workshop today that will
be in 15 minutes and it will be for three
hours.
Okay.
And I will need to go to this workshop.
After this workshop, I will take a look.
And as soon I have anything I tell you,
I will have time to do some chance today.
Oh,
what comes to my mind would be to tell
the sales guide that, well,
let's continue creating the proposal that
we initially discussed about and also
create a second one and moving the teams
to the last year.
And then we explain the customer why we
are doing that movement.
Yeah.
OK,
and then are you explaining the the the
change in the proposal or we are giving
the terms or only say we are focused on
Team's period,
we are focused here to in security period
or.
You are describing exactly what will be
done on this first year, through year,
third year.
No, we are not specifying because, well,
the way the contract is being created
will be, okay,
if we are focusing on Team's phone the
first year,
you will have based on the packages that
the sales team creates.
They will be entitled to select a couple
of engagements,
Okay.
then the same for data security and the
same for cloud security and AI,
so they will be able to select two
different services on each year,
and for that.
are the ones that we will need to define.
That is why I don't have examples about
what to specify.
So I'm just proposing the titles about
how to focus the agreement.
And then if you can join the meeting,
you can jump explaining, okay,
we're focusing on your one on security
because this and this and this.
but not specifying services.
If they want to specify services,
Okay.
then we need to scope every year,
as you mentioned.
Okay, no problem.
So I will give some time so I can bring
this to you today so you can make the
changes of the proposal ahead of time.
So tomorrow will be,
maybe don't have to present your
proposals.
Okay, perfect. Sounds good. Thank you.
Well, and give me posted.
OK, thank you, Luis.
OK, I will keep you posted.
Thank you. Have a good one. Bye bye.
Have a House. Bye.